"login" -> "log in" when used as a verb. (#32507)
dimagi/commcare-hq: docs/web_apps.rst

Most of the time you're only concerned with the current user, who is accessible by requesting ``currentUser`` from the FormplayerFrontEnd's channel (see below for more on channels).

> The users code also deals with the Log In As workflow. Login As is often described as "restore as" in the code: the user has a ``restoreAs`` attribute with the username of the current Login As user, the ``RestoreAsBanner`` is the yellow banner up top that shows who you're logged in as, and the ``RestoreAsView`` is the Login As screen. The current Login As user is stored in a cookie so that users do not need to re-Login-As often.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The users code also deals with the Log In As workflow. Log In As is often described as "restore as" in the code: the user has a ``restoreAs`` attribute with the username of the current Login As user, the ``RestoreAsBanner`` is the yellow banner up top that shows who you're logged in as, and the ``RestoreAsView`` is the Login As screen. The current Login As user is stored in a cookie so that users do not need to re-Login-As often.
```

> The users code also deals with the Log In As workflow. Login As is often described as "restore as" in the code: the user has a ``restoreAs`` attribute with the username of the current Login As user, the ``RestoreAsBanner`` is the yellow banner up top that shows who you're logged in as, and the ``RestoreAsView`` is the Login As screen. The current Login As user is stored in a cookie so that users do not need to re-Login-As often.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The users code also deals with the Log In As workflow. Log In As is often described as "restore as" in the code: the user has a ``restoreAs`` attribute with the username of the current Log In As user, the ``RestoreAsBanner`` is the yellow banner up top that shows who you're logged in as, and the ``RestoreAsView`` is the Log In As screen. The current Log In As user is stored in a cookie so that users do not need to repeat the workflow often.
```

Author: Thanks!
